[operator] Improve `Gardenlet` watch handling (#10663)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/operator.md

Further checks might be added in the future.

### [`Access` Reconciler](../../pkg/operator/controller/garden/access)

> This reconciler performs actions related to the garden access secret (`gardener` or `gardener-internal`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reconciler performs actions related to the garden access secret (`gardener` or `gardener-internal`) for the virtual garden cluster.
```

> It extracts the included Kubeconfig, and prepares a dedicated config where the inline bearer token is replaced by a bearer token file with the said token persisted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It extracts the included Kubeconfig, and prepares a dedicated REST config, where the inline bearer token is replaced by a bearer token file with containing said token.
```

> Afterward, the config is used to add the [`Gardenlet` controller](#gardenlet-controller). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Afterwards, this REST config is used to add the [`Gardenlet` controller](#gardenlet-controller). 
```

Any subsequent reconciliation run, mostly triggered by a token replacement, causes the content of the bearer token file to be updated with the token found in the access secret.

Together with the adjusted config and the token file, related controllers can continuously run their operations, even after credentials rotation.

### [`Controller Registrar` controller](../../pkg/operator/controller/controllerregistrar)

Some controllers may only be instantiated or added later, because they need the `Garden` resource to be available (e.g. network configuration) or even the entire virtual garden cluster to run:

* [`NetworkPolicy` controller](gardenlet.md#networkpolicy-controller)
* [`VPA EvictionRequirements` controller](gardenlet.md#vpaevictionrequirements-controller)
* [`Garden Access` reconciler](#access-reconciler)

> [!NOTE]

> > Some of the listed controllers are managed `gardenlet`, as well.

Reviewer 2: I currently find it hard to understand what is meant by this sentence (managed by gardenlet or managing gardenlet?)
Maybe rephrasing would help...

> > If the Garden cluster is at the same time used as a Seed cluster, `gardenlet` will skip running the `NetworkPolicy` and `VPA EvictionRequirements` controllers to avoid interferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If the garden cluster is a seed cluster at the same time, `gardenlet` will skip running the `NetworkPolicy` and `VPA EvictionRequirements` controllers to avoid interferences.
```
